c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\SplashScreenImage.jpg
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.add.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.delete.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.feature.camera.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.logout.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.refresh.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\appbar.save.rest.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\ApplicationBar.Cancel.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Toolkit.Content\ApplicationBar.Check.png
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Gour.Phone.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Gour.Phone.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Gour.Phone.xap
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneCloud.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\PivotContent\NotificationsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\PivotContent\SqlSampleDataPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Pages\LoginPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Gour.Phone.g.resources
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Gour.Phone.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\Gour.Phone.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Phone\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
