c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Gour.Web.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Gour.Web.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\WindowsPhone.Recipes.Push.Messages.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\obj\Release\Gour.Web.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Gour\Gour\Gour.Web\obj\Release\Gour.Web.pdb
